Release v1.0.0 (#2)
mattermost/mattermost-app-trello: README.md

# Mattermost/Trello Integration

* [Feature summary](#feature-summary)
* [Set up](#set-up)

>   * [Installation HTTP](#installation-http)

Reviewer: Please update this table of contents with the updated section titles suggested below.

  * [Installation Mattermost Cloud](#installation-mattermost-cloud)
  * [Configuration](#configuration)
* [Admin guide](#admin-guide)
  * [Slash commands](#slash-commands)
* [End user guide](#end-user-guide)
  * [Get started](#get-started)
  * [Using /trello commands](#use-trello-commands)
* [Development environment](#development-environment)
  * [Manual installation](#manual-installation)
  * [Install dependencies](#install-dependencies)
  * [Run the local development environment](#run-the-local-development-environment)
  * [Run the local development environment with Docker](#run-the-local-development-environment-with-docker)

> This application allows you to integrate Trello with your Mattermost instance. letting you know when a new card is created, as well as getting notified about card updates. Also, allows the user to create new cards without moving from the Mattermost window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application allows you to integrate Trello with your Mattermost instance to notify you of new and updated cards, as well as allow you to create new cards without leaving Mattermost.
```

# Feature summary

> **Trello to Mattermost notifications:** Link your Mattermost channels with the Trello boards you want to see, so you and your team can get notifications about the creation and position update of each card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Trello to Mattermost notifications:** Link your Mattermost channels with Trello boards to receive notifications about new and updated cards.
```

> **Manage card creation on Mattermost:** Create new cards from Mattermost (via modal or command), assigning the board and the list to which you want to add the card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Manage card creation on Mattermost:** Create new cards from Mattermost (via modal or command) and assign them to boards and lists.
```

# Set up

> ## Installation HTTP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install with HTTP
```

> To install, as a Mattermost system admin user, run the command ``/apps install http TRELLO_API`` in any channel. The ``/trello`` command should be available after the configuration has been successfully installed.

Reviewer: Parallel question posted via https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-app-opsgenie/pull/2/files#r1065844297 about whether we're installing or configuring in this step.

Reviewer: Parallel question posted via https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-app-opsgenie/pull/2/files#r1065844802 about whether the ``http`` is correct.

> The ``TRELLO_API`` should be replaced with the URL where the Trello API instance is running. Example: ``/apps install http https://myapp.com/manifest.json``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``TRELLO_API`` should be replaced with the URL where this Trello API instance is running. Example: ``/apps install http https://myapp.com/manifest.json``
```

Reviewer: Parallel question posted via https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-app-opsgenie/pull/2/files#r1065845852 about whether the ``http https`` is correct.

> ## Installation Mattermost Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install on Mattermost Cloud
```

> To install, as a Mattermost system admin user, run the command ``/apps install listed trello`` in any channel. The ``/trello`` command should be available after the configuration has been successfully installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install, as a Mattermost system admin user, open the Mattermost Marketplace and select **Install** located next to the Trello app. The ``/trello`` command should be available after the configuration has been successfully installed.
```

Reviewer: @mickmister - Please confirm that the Trello app install via Mattermost Cloud will follow the same approach as the OpsGenie app (through the Marketplace). Reference: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-app-opsgenie/pull/2/files#r1065220592

Reviewer: Parallel question posted via https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-app-opsgenie/pull/2/files#r1065848603 about whether we're configuring or installing in this step.

## Configuration

> After [installing](#installation)) the app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After [installing](#installation) the app:
```

1. Configure your Trello workspace. As a super admin user, run the ``/trello configure`` command.

> 2. In the confirmation modal, enter your workspace, API key and API token which you can find at https://trello.com/app-key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the confirmation modal, enter your workspace, API key, and API token which you can find at https://trello.com/app-key.
```

3. When you've completed the configuration, the ``/trello account`` command will be enabled. 
4. Next, for access to all the commands, log in to a Trello account using the command ``/trello account login``.

> 5. Follow the link provided and eter the generated token where required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Follow the link provided and enter the generated token where required.
```

Reviewer: @mickmister - Does it make sense to add screenshots for these steps, as we've requested for the OpsGenie app?

# Admin guide

## Slash commands

> - ``/trello configure``: This command will enable all the other commands; it asks the administrator for an API key (which will be used to execute calls to Trello’s API) and a token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``/trello configure``: This command will enable all the other commands; it asks the administrator for an API key (which will be used to execute calls to Trello’s API) and an OAuth token.
```

# End user guide

## Get started

## Use ``/trello`` commands

- ``/trello help``: This command will show all current commands available for this application.

> - ``/trello connect``: Will display a new modal were a user token will be needed. It is required before any other action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``/trello connect``: Prompt for a Trello OAuth token. You must run this slash command first before attempting to run other slash commands available for this integration.
```

> - ``/trello disconnect``: Will erase current user oauth token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``/trello disconnect``: Delete the current user OAuth token.
```

> - ``/trello card create``: Allow any user to create a new card in any board they want (boards are listed as they have access to them from Trello). Both, command and modal options are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``/trello card create``: Create a new card in any Trello board. Can be run through a product modal or from a terminal as a command.
```

> - ``/trello subscription add``: Creates a new subscription for notifications: choose a board and a channel and get notified of the updates in that board. You can subscribe to more than one board per channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``/trello subscription add``: Create a new subscription for notifications by choosing a board and a channel for notifications. You can subscribe to more than one board per channel.
```

- ``/trello subscription list``: Show the list of all subscriptions made in all of your channels.

> - ``/trello subscription remove``: Will allow you to remove a subscription. No more notifications from that board will be received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``/trello subscription remove``: Remove a subscription to stop receiving notifications from that board.
```

# Development environment

## Manual installation

> *  Download the latest repository release.

Reviewer: Can we include a link to the repository for easy access?

### Run the local development environment

> * You need to have installed at least node version 15 and maximum version 18. You can download the latest lts version of node for the required operating system here https://nodejs.org/es/download/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You need to have at least Node version 15 and maximum version 18 installed. You can download the latest LTS version of Node for your operating system here: https://nodejs.org/es/download/
```

### Install dependencies
* Move to the project directory or execute ``cd`` command to the project directory and execute ``npm install`` with a terminal to download all dependency libraries.

```
$ npm install
```

> *  Update the environment configuration file. The ``.env`` file must be modified or added to set the environment variables, it must be in the root of the repository.

Reviewer: @mickmister - Does your OpsGenie question re: env variables apply here too? Reference: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-app-opsgenie/pull/2/files#r1065227672

```
file: .env

PROJECT=mattermost-app-trello
PORT=4005
HOST=http://localhost:4005
```

Variable definition

> - PROJECT: In case of executing the project with Docker using the ``.build.sh`` file, this variable will be used for the name of the container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PROJECT: When executing the project with Docker using the ``.build.sh`` file, this variable will be used for the name of the container.
```

> - PORT: Port number on which the OpsGenie integration is listening

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PORT: The port number the OpsGenie integration is listening to.
```

> - HOST: Trello API usage URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- HOST: The Trello API usage URL.
```

> * Finally, the project must be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Finally, the project must be executed by running the following command:
```

```
$ npm run dev
```

> Or, if you would like to use the Makefile command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, you can use the Makefile command:
```

```
$ make watch
```

### Run the local development environment with Docker

* You need to have Docker installed. You can find the necessary steps to install Docker for the following operating systems:

> [Ubuntu](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Ubuntu](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/)
```

> [Mac](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/mac/install/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Mac](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/mac/install/)
```

> [Windows](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/windows/install/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Windows](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/windows/install/)
```

> * Once you have Docker installed, the next step would be to run the ``make run-server`` command to create the API container and expose it locally or on the server, depending on the case required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Once you have Docker installed, run the ``make run-server`` command to create the API container and expose it locally or on the server, depending on the case required.
```

```

> $ make run-server

Reviewer: This code example isn't needed since it's included in the instructional step above.

```

> When the container is created correctly, the API will be running at the url http://127.0.0.1:4005. If Mattermost is running on the same machine, run this slash command in Mattermost to install the app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the container is created correctly, the API runs at ``http://127.0.0.1:4005``. If Mattermost is running on the same machine, run the following slash command in Mattermost to install the app:
```

```
/apps install http http://127.0.0.1:4005
```

> To stop the container, execute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stop the container, run the following command:
```
